Translation: Youssef Bejaoui. Tunisia
Go back to your class.
All right. let's get started. We'll start from the beginning.
You did a great job this time.
One. two. three. four.
Stop!
Breathe together.
You have to feel it.
Can you hear that?
Start from the beginning.
One. two. three. four.
Oh.
Goodbye.
I want you to look at me.
I don't enjoy it
Fairy tales and sweet dreams.
I broke down the doors because I'm a grown man now.
I was looking for someone to love—yes.
Okay. I think that's good. Okay.
All right. all right. all right.
I think that's good.
You'll feel better once you get the hang of it.
What a joy that filled me with!
I kissed your lips.
Please help yourself to your meal.
Stop.
Hey. Mikey. why are you playing with your food?
You need to stop playing with your food.
Come on. you never eat.
Shut up. you little hairy thing.
Shut up.
I have a sad memory of you.
Look. she frowned.
I saw him.
That's true.
All right. listen up. guys.
I know you'll never let me down.
And I think you're ready.
So she booked some parties for us.
We'll start in Illinois tomorrow—either Tuesday or Friday.
Wait a minute. what's your schedule. sir?
We don't need to go to all that trouble.
Work?
They don't know anything about work.
I understand that. but they have a school.
Let me tell you something.
In this life. you're either a winner or a loser.
Can you hear me?
You are a group of poor Black children from the city of Gary. Indiana.
Oh my God. nothing is going to be handed to you on a silver platter.
But you have to work hard for it.
Do you want to work in a steel mill like me for the rest of your lives?
Yes. sir.
Yes. because I definitely don't do that.
Unless you work harder than anyone else. this is your life.
Are you ready to fight for that?
Yes. sir.
I need to hear you a little louder.
Are you ready to fight for that?
Yes. sir.
Now. I want you to raise your hands as if you were about to touch that wall—but not quite.
Like this. okay?
Raise your hand.
Come on.
But don't touch it.
Everything okay?
Good.
That's all.
Keep your arms raised.
Now. I want you to look at that wall. okay?
Close your eyes.
We'll stay in touch.
As one.
As a family.
No more Jackie. Tito. Jermaine. Marvin. and Marco.
From now on. you're the Jackson Five.
You're going to do that?
Are you looking at me as if I'm not talking to you?
Hey. kid. come here when I call you.
What. my opinion doesn't matter here. kid?
Hey. Joseph. stop that!
Will you take care of me. boy?
We practice. but we can't seem to get the hang of it.
In this life. you're either a winner or a loser.
That's right.
You're going to cry—go ahead. cry.
Come on. big-nosed guy.
Sit up straight.
Michael's mother.
Thank you.
Five. six.
Five. six. seven. eight.
Mike. you're here.
Mike. we're here.
It is the truth. and the truth makes a man strong.
Try it. Mom.
So. that's it—raise those arms.
That's all there is to it. my dear. isn't it?
That's all.
Once again.
We're going to take a short break.
So. I'm going to introduce you all to some handsome young men.
And now. ladies. don't let them break your hearts.
Ladies and gentlemen. let's give a big round of applause to the Jackson 5.
Hey. kid.
Come on. come on. come on.
Oh. I'm trying—I'm trying to hide my feelings.
They always save the day.
If you try to stay. you'll lose me.
And I won't be there to show you that.
Do you like my kids?
Are you their manager?
Joseph Jackson.
Susanna Mills from Motown.
Motown.
Hey!
It is definitely a gift from God.
Perfect sound.
Do you have perfect hearing?
What do you mean?
What can he do with that voice?
I'll be in touch with you. Mr. Jackson.
Hello.
How are you?
I am Mr. Borders.
My name is Susanna.
Hey guys. it was great to see you again.
Do you all know the song we gave you?
I've been fighting ever since.
Let's start with Michael.
Michael. you're moving around a lot.
Okay?
Here we are.
Michael. you're doing it again.
Take a step closer to the microphone.
That's all.
And I'll need you to keep your feet steady.
Do you understand me?
Give me the same information.
There he goes!
Let me talk to him.
No. it's just...
I just need five minutes.
Don't you see. Joseph? Aren't you worried about the kids sticking to the schedule?
We have the situation under control.
Here we are.
Didn't I tell you?
By God. He sent you—didn't He send you in a way that you don't know about?
I sit with my head bowed and wonder
Who loves you? Let me
I'm going to tell you something. son.
I've been doing this for a long time.
I've never heard a voice like yours before.
I sang that song better than Smokey himself.
Really?
He's special.
You have something to say.
That's rare. Michael.
Yes. that's the volume control button.
Come on. give it a try.
This indicator moves up and down. adjusting the levels to the lowest level.
It can make your voice sound higher or lower.
Right?
Yes.
These knobs here are for equalization (EQ).
What is emotional intelligence?
The equation.
As you can see. when we record. we break things down and...
Terraski Now.
It's time to go. Michael.
Mr. Jordi is really busy. man.
I'm sure you've spent enough time on it.
Go ahead. Michael.
I can show you these things some other time.
Right?
All right. Mr. Jordi.
Thank you.
You're more than welcome.
Hi. Michael.
You can ask me anything.
Any time.
All right. then.
How old are you?
Ten.
You're not ten years old.
You are eight years old.
In this field. you can make up just about anything.
Especially your age.
Sing a song. my love.
A. B. C. 1. 2. 3.
My little one. you're a leader.
Michael?
How old are you?
Sing a song. my love.
A. B. C. 1. 2. 3.
In this field. you can make up just about anything.
Especially your age.
Sit down. girl!
I think I've lost your attention!
No!
Yes. girl!
Show me what you can do!
Shake it. shake it. baby.
Let's go now.
Oh. my love.
Sing it. my love.
Good night. little one.
I was reading about the Serengeti plains.
Learn about all the different types.
Lions. tigers. monkeys. and giraffes.
One day. you and I will have more friends to play with.
Wouldn't that be fun?
Look at this picture.
Did you like that?
Come on. Michael.
Joseph wants you.
And make sure to put your mouse in the cage this time.
That's disgusting.
Let's go now.
Meet Bill Bray.
He's your new head of security. right?
He'll be around a lot.
Be sure to keep an eye on him.
It was a pleasure to meet you. Mr. Bray.
It is my pleasure to meet you as well. young man.
You can call me Bill. okay?
All right. Bill.
That's fine.
Carla. what's your name?
Michael. you're missing the best part.
The llamas in the Serengeti have three digestive organs that enable them to digest their food. since they eat only vegetables.
They are extremely intelligent creatures—in fact. highly intelligent.
Best of all. they never bite.
That's what I said about the mice.
No. really.
Llamas never bite.
They only spit when they're upset.
Do you want me to bring some spit and a wild animal to my house?
They live abroad.
Come on. please. please say yes.
I'll take care of them.
"Absolutely not. Michael."
A mother has enough on her mind.
And you don't need another pet.
They aren't my pets.
They are my friends.
All right.
I understand that.
But wouldn't you like to meet real friends. like kids your own age?
I hope that happens for you.
I do that sometimes. but I'm not like the other kids.
They don't treat me like a real person.
All they want to do is stare at me and take pictures of me.
Look at me. Michael.
I knew you were different from the moment you were born.
I knew you were different from your brothers.
And that's fine.
You have a very special light about you.
And do you know what Jehovah says?
He says: “Let your light shine before the world.”
Let your light shine.
Do you understand me?
Yes.
Don't ever let anyone take that away from you.
Not even yourself.
The next song we're going to perform is one of our favorites.
Are you ready?
I
Ready.
Letting go of the past.
Embracing Freedom.
Here's your album. bro.
That's what people want.
It's just an escape from reality. Quincy.
Is that all?
Yes.
So. how are you going to tell your dad about your solo album?
Separation from the family.
He won't like that.
I'm not a kid anymore. Q.
I look him straight in the eyes.
Tell him that to his face.
I want you to tell my parents that the solo album was your idea.
All right.
Okay?
I'm going to have a drink.
Michael. we love you. and you're releasing a solo album.
To be honest. that's why we decided to sign contracts with all of you at Epic.
I don't mean to belittle your family. but that's what we were hoping for.
Great.
I think it would be better if it came from you.
Is there anything we can do to help. Michael?
So. tell us about the album.
All right.
Well. this album means a lot to me.
I just need the freedom to write the music and lyrics that come to mind.
As you know. to express myself creatively.
I want a completely new voice and a completely new person.
Quincy Jones. producer.
Robert Timerton—he's working on the songs right now.
That sounds great. Michael.
Consider it done.
Huh?
So. we feel that it would be really great for the production company if Michael released a solo album.
And most importantly of all. for the Jackson brand.
They can help each other.
In public relations and marketing.
Feed one another. you know?
He is being fed.
Sure.
So. I guess you agree with all of this?
Sure. yes.
That was good for Michael.
It's wonderful for me.
And if you need anything. don't hesitate to ask.
The only thing is that Michael can do whatever he wants in his free time.
As long as he continues to work with his brothers.
I'm sorry?
I have complete control over it from 9 a.m. to 5 p.m.
After that. it's up to him.
If he wants to record an album in the middle of the night. I don't mind.
As long as he's standing in front of the microphone at nine. I'm sure of it.
That's what works here.
My house.
Understood.
I appreciate your visit. gentlemen.
It shows respect.
With pleasure. Joe.
I'm really excited to start recording with you tonight.
I hope you can come. I'm a little nervous. but I'm more excited—definitely more excited.
I have all these thoughts in my head; they keep popping up.
All I have to do is get them out.
All right. take a break. Louie.
I'll be back in the morning. and I'll tell you everything.
Are you ready. Joker?
Yes.
Let's get started.
Do you want me to drive?
Not this time. Joker.
Sure.
Next time.
I'd rather let Lou drive.
Take your time.
He settled down.
There's no need to rush.
And. um. keep those feet steady.
Q: Could you do me a favor and dim the lights. please?
Just a little.
Thank you.
You're confident.
You are strong.
You're beautiful.
You are the greatest of all time.
Michael. are you ready?
I'm melting. like hot candle wax.
It's a wonderful feeling. where we are today.
Oh!
So let it guide us through the hours.
I won't dwell on the past.
♪ I will not fear the forces to come.
Keep working hard. and don't stop until you achieve your goal.
Keep trying; don't give up—don't stop until you achieve your goal.
Keep going strong—don't stop. don't stop until you reach
He - She.
Keep trying; don't give up—don't stop until you achieve your goal.
Continue
Don't force anyone
Stop. don't stop
Even you
Get it.
That's fine.
No.
I want you to meet my new friend. Bubbles.
I rescued him from that horrible place. where they conduct experiments on animals.
Welcome to the family.
Michael. you know that chimpanzees are wild animals that don't belong in a house in Encino.
Mom. I'll take good care of them.
I will. I promise.
Does it bite?
Oh. no.
No. he's nice.
However. chimpanzees are sensitive to certain sounds and people.
They must either hide or attack.
It's okay. Pauls.
That's fine.
You're safe now.
Come on. let's make some music. right?
That's me.
I just released my new album.
These are my trial offers.
Don't ruin it.
I want to show you this.
See.
You think so?
This is Neverland.
I come here all the time.
It's full of magic. adventure. and pirates—you know—and getting lost
Minds.
This is my favorite page.
It's Peter Pan.
The Shadow.
So. Michael. the surgeries.
Have you had any surgeries in the past five years?
Mm-hmm.
What about medications?
Are you taking any medications?
No. ma'am.
Bentley Clean Cream is intended solely for the treatment of inflammation of the reproductive glands.
Oh. I'm sorry.
It's more common than people think.
Was it sprayed?
A little. yes.
Yes. as you know. my dear.
It also helps even out my skin tone.
Oh. I see.
Michael. it was nice to see you again.
We'll be ready to welcome you very soon.
Do you have any final questions?
Oh. no.
I'm ready.
I need to put some marks around my nose.
You know you're a very handsome boy.
Are you sure you want to do this?
I'm not a child anymore.
My nose is really big.
I'm not sure if that's true.
As you can see. my face isn't symmetrical.
As for the photos. no.
I have to be perfect.
You're the boss.
Just relax.
Hey.
What's going on. son?
Son?
Michael.
Born.
Come here.
What?
What on earth is this?
Let me see something.
Hi. Michael.
It is a treatment for sinusitis.
♪♪ ♪ I
I think I'll always be a dreamer ♪ ♪ I spend my life dreaming.
I spend my life dreaming ♪ ♪ I hope it will be easy for me
O dreamer ♪ ♪ Wake up. the dream is gone
♪ Maybe I should get a nose job.
Do you think so?
Yes. I do.
Mazel says that everyone does that.
All the big stars.
All of our favorites.
That looks great.
Do you really think so?
I do.
I want a new look.
Yes?
I want to reinvent myself.
You know?
Now that I've started doing what I want.
I want the world to see me differently.
I'm no longer just a kid in a children's band.
Look around you. Michael.
Your friends love you.
They're not my fans.
They are part of my family.
It's time for me to take control of my own destiny.
As you know. I want to be the person I want to be.
Mikey. Joseph just called him to set up a meeting.
Watch out. he's hungry.
How hungry are you?
He's very hungry.
For example. what about a mouse?
Maybe.
Here it is.
Man of the Hour.
Come on. sit down. sit down.
Now. you're all really happy about Michael's success.
That's a beautiful view.
This attractive woman.
I mean. he could make it to the end.
Straight to the top.
All by himself.
Do you remember anything?
Man.
Let me tell you.
The Jackson family is the brand.
This is our Coca-Cola.
Yes. so we need to open the store and start selling.
Oh. do you know what's going to happen?
People will go out and start buying some Pepsi drinks.
We need to go back in there and change course.
So. I've made up my mind.
I'm organizing a concert tour for a live album.
Well. how are we going to go on a tour without Jermain?
Your brother made his decision when we left Motown. and he stayed.
Let him come to terms with it.
The important thing is that we need to make the most of Michael's album.
So. we're going to perform a set of songs.
Joseph. I...
I need to think.
No. sir.
I've told you what you need to think about.
Do you have a problem with that. Michael?
We need to have a reasonable conversation about this. Joseph.
Do you think now. just because you're a big star and you have this hit album. that you're better than everyone else in this house?
Is that all?
Are you better than your brothers?
Are you better than me?
Is that all?
You need to think about it.
Do you think you're better than me. kid?
Hey. Youssef. that's enough!
Is that all. Michael?
Huh?
That's enough!
Yes. that's enough.
Let's go.
Where do you want to go?
All you have to do is drive.
Me!
I'm sick of this. honey.
That's all.
Joseph is taking advantage of me.
I've come up with a complete plan.
Song list and visual effects.
I wanted to go on a solo tour.
I just...
I just ruin everything.
I need my freedom.
All right. you can go ahead.
I'm not ready for that.
It's not that simple.
Life isn't easy. son.
I'll tell you.
I love my family.
I do.
I just want to do whatever I want.
Joseph will never change.
The only thing he cares about is the Jackson family.
Huh?
No matter what you do. he will see it only as a family success.
Build your own team.
Hire a good lawyer.
Think about it.
Wherever you look behind you
You'll find out. you'll see. you have a place to go. yes
Therefore. we appreciate your presence and commend your decision to engage an independent consultant.
We guarantee comprehensive care for your entire media portfolio.
At Harvey Dorivich. we believe in treating our clients like family. and we want you to...
How do you start a family?
Excess in either one.
I mean. the whole point is to work on your own. isn't it?
So. that means you'll probably break a few hearts over there in Encino.
Unless I'm missing something.
Do I know you?
No.
I don't think so.
Are you sure?
Yes.
I think I'll remember.
Who are you?
John Brinker.
You have the Beach Boys.
Yes. I do.
Neil Diamond. Bob Dylan. a few other guys. and now I work here.
I love the Beach Boys.
Me too.
Brian Wilson is a genius.
One of the best harmonies in rock 'n' roll.
Do you know what I'm striving for?
Mr. Brinker.
Sure.
Do you want to become the biggest star in the world?
Can you help make that happen?
Yes.
How?
Because I think there's no one like you.
And there never will be.
Mr. Jackson.
Mr. Jackson. I apologize.
He's my favorite guy.
Could you leave us alone for a moment?
Excuse me.
Of course.
Yes.
All right. Mr. Brinker.
This is your first job.
I want you to fire Joseph.
You're dead.
You are my father until the day I die.
How do you want me to do that?
Quickly.
Yes.
Victoria. get out of here right now.
Okay?
Look at this.
The boy threw a piece of paper at me.
Maybe part of it was between two men. wasn't it?
Look me straight in the eye and do it.
That kid is going to feel the full force of my belt when he gets here.
No. that's not the case.
Yes. that's exactly right.
What are you going to do? Are you going to defeat him?
Are you going to beat him up badly?
He's grown up.
What are you saying to me?
I told you that you can't do that anymore.
You can't beat anyone.
You can't defeat anyone.
And if you don't like it. you can leave.
The next time you see your son. you should thank him.
Everything we have is thanks to him.
And never forget that.
It seems like everyone forgets that I'm the one who got us out of Gary.
And everything I did was for this family.
Keep thinking that way.
♪♪
♪♪ ♪♪
♪♪ It's Michael Jackson.
What?
It's Michael Jackson.
I apologize.
Are you really...
My name is Michael.
Great.
I'm wondering...
I would really like to get an autograph.
For my son.
I mean...
Of course.
Yes.
He's a big fan.
Here.
I want to sign this.
What's your name?
You can simply send it to Pauline.
Pauline.
Is this the new Atari game?
I love that.
Do you play this game?
Oh. yeah.
All the time.
Just make sure to keep talking to the left while you're shooting.
This is how energy is transferred.
Great.
Thank you.
Of course.
Hello.
Would you like an autograph?
Yes. please.
What's your name?
Anika.
That's a beautiful name.
What do you think. honey?
Thank you.
I'm a huge fan.
Thank you very much.
Go up there.
Let's take this one.
Do you want to go there?
Here.
I got it.
Hey.
How are you. Mikey?
How are you. Bill?
You're not fun anymore.
That's cheating.
That's fine.
Don't worry about that
It takes a long time to learn.
I am a professional dancer.
Would you like some ice cream?
Okay. but after that I have to go to work.
Don't break anything.
I'll be back.
I was thinking about framing this.
Most of this stuff.
Come on. go away.
Fire your father from his job.
What kind of child would do that?
You have a lot to learn about family.
I have to go get some ice cream.
Do you watch TV?
Yes.
Sometimes.
Do you watch TV?
Yes.
Animation.
"The Three Stooges" a lot.
Charlie Chaplin.
Do you know who he is?
He loves.
No. you don't.
He's a really pathetic person.
It's wonderful.
Really.
He's an actor.
He is a film director.
Are there any songs that would work?
I have a dog.
It's a dachshund.
What's his name?
Rudy.
He's getting fatter.
My mom said I feed him too much.
I love Rudy.
Do you have any pets?
A snake and a giraffe.
No way.
And the llama.
It must be the best-selling album of all time.
Not just by Black artists. but by people of any race. any color. okay?
So I want the biggest concert tour ever.
Only the fields.
Thousands of people are rushing to the stadiums.
All over the world.
I'd also like to produce short films that feature my music.
That's an ambition.
I can see that.
If you can see it. you can do it.
I see that very clearly.
Walter Yednikov called.
CBS wants to issue a press release.
No.
No press allowed.
There are no interviews.
Nothing.
He won't like that.
You need to deal with this. Brandon.
As you can see. I'm going to be vague.
Like Garbo.
You know. I mean. if Halley's Comet came every year. year after year. would you look at it?
You'll need some publicity.
All I need is a solid track record.
Nothing else matters.
Fair enough.
So I suggest you start putting together some great demos.
Can you do that?
Of course I can.
Thank you.
What are you doing. Mike?
Cold.
I wasn't ready to give you the salt.
If I weren't here to receive these ideas. God might grant him a prince.
Hello.
Almost all shootings and killings related to drugs and land disputes involve rival gangs.
Ryan Chavez reports from Los Angeles.
A close friend was killed by a member of a rival gang.
Another person was killed in a drive-by shooting in Sacramento because he was wearing the wrong color.
Those who wear blue call themselves "Crabs."
Their faces turn red with embarrassment. and they wear red.
Some of them. like Smoky. survive the attacks. even if they are paralyzed.
People die on the map.
All neighborhoods.
But the city is still full of bored soldiers.
This is the Krips gang—that's right.
Some of you think. “Watch out. you’ll die of guilt.” don’t you?
You're saying that on TV right now. but you'll die of guilt.
Hello?
Hi. Bill. it's me.
Hi. Joe.
How are you?
Well. I need some help.
I was hoping you'd be able to provide some services.
Okay. but they're all in the studio.
They're only there because of you.
I can't believe you're doing this.
Music will bring people together. Bill.
That's the point.
If everything goes well. I have a great idea.
Oh. oh.
What an exciting thing!
What was that?
This will put it back in its place.
Miss. let's call it "Walk C." shall we?
Hi. can I get your autograph?
Look. it's my sister's.
No. yes. of course.
I'll sign the forms for everyone.
Sure.
I know this isn't easy for you. so I'd like to thank everyone for coming.
It's very important to me.
As you can see. I think music and dance are what bring us all together.
This is a universal language.
We can change the world.
I think that.
That sounds good.
Let's work on that together.
He continues to make progress.
Let's work on this part.
Now let's forget about the arms.
It shouldn't be too restrictive.
That's normal.
It's a flow.
All together.
Oh!
You think so?
It's harmonious.
Imagine a school of fish.
We're all moving forward together.
You know what I mean?
I want to try something.
An idea just occurred to me.
Bill. could you please bring me my jacket?
I want to try something when we travel to that area.
The jacket.
Thank you.
Let's repeat it.
I'm going to break the mold and do something different. but I'll stay on this path.
What do you guys think?
Feeling good?
I want to try out some music right now.
Actually. I want to feature all of you in my short film.
Let's raise our voices. please.
I want to feel it.
As you know. CBS wants you to call Apple “Michael Jackson.”
Conduct the session.
Louder!
Start right away and stop.
Let that carry over to the rest of the chorus. okay?
All right.
I'll try.
You're on the cover of *Bill* magazine now. and you're singing a little more with every song—don't go and kill it just yet.
That's rock 'n' roll. that's exactly it. no
You. Marie Antoinette. are mine. but I will grant you eternal life.
I
That was great—you guys are perfect. Just stay warm and stretch a little. Is the camera supposed to move over there?
Well. I could ask John: Are you looking for something in particular?
Yeah. I'm just worried that we're not doing the footwork correctly. You know. Fred Astaire always said that you have to move your whole body—that's how the audience feels the dance.
Could you ask John to give it a try just once? Yes. I understand. Thank you. Okay
Michael. we're going to back up. We'll hold you from head to toe. okay. sir? Okay. okay. everyone. please return to your seats.
All right. please look up. Now. get ready—the camera is ready—take a break.
Operating and Motion Killer
At night. no one will save you from this savage threat; you know it's deadly.
Kill. kill—I can
Look at them. murderer. murderer. murderer. murderer. murderer. murderer. you caught me. murderer. murderer
Oh. girl of the night. I feel you more than I can bear—yes. come on. you killer—oh. what?
Can I just say. guys. aside from the congratulations. the album is amazing—everyone’s buying it—it’s on the pop charts. the R&B charts. so
If this kid sang a duet with Riba. we'd dominate those damn country music charts.
Thank you. Walter.
Thank you very much.
Michael. everyone at CBS is very proud of you.
I'm proud of you.
Now. what can I do for you. my son?
As you wish.
Well. I'm really happy with the sales of the *Thriller* album.
But...
Very good.
We're satisfied with sales. but there's still something we need to do in terms of promotion.
We need to air his videos on MTV.
MTV?
Life. life. life.
That's not possible.
These videos are masterpieces.
You haven't seen *Thriller* yet. and it's going to blow your mind.
And they will promote the album in an unprecedented way.
And if we get extensive airtime on MTV. there will be no limit to our ambitions.
You know that.
MTV rarely plays songs by Black artists.
I don't know why.
Maybe they don't want to terrify white children in the suburbs.
Walter. I recorded this album for everyone.
Black and white.
We think Michael's videos are worth watching.
Michael. let me tell you something.
I am...
I'm a proud Black artist. Walter.
I won't let anyone—whether it's MTV or anyone else—push me to the back of any bus.
Believe me. John.
I tried.
With love. Walter.
Try harder.
Sally. honey. can you turn on Bob Pittman on MTV for me right now?
Tell that idiot to drop everything and call me back right now.
Of course.
Thank you.
So. Michael. are you enjoying New York?
Yes.
Listen. I can get you tickets to see Marcel Marceau on Broadway—front row.
You know what?
In fact. even better than that—the second row.
You don't want to be in the front row for them.
These French artists aren't very interested in taking showers. Do you see what I mean?
It's kind of like the character Bibi Lou Beau. but without all the talking.
You know. I really feel like burping because I just drank a Coke like an idiot.
Sally!
Pop!
Thank you for returning my call.
He listens.
I need you to manage the Billie Jean project on my behalf.
I know.
But that's where the problem lies.
I don't care.
I don't care at all.
So you play "Billie Jean" for me. and you play it all the time.
All right. Bob.
Let me put it another way.
If you don't play "Billie Jean" within the next ten minutes. I'm going to remove all the CBS artists from your playlist.
Okay?
Bruce Springsteen.
A cheap trick.
Charlie Daniels.
Billy Joel.
Cindy Lober.
Bob Dylan.
You can put them all in a plastic bag. coat the plastic bag with Crisco. and then insert it into your butt.
Yeah. your butt.
We are no longer conducting our business.
Michael Jackson's album "Thriller" sold 25 million copies.
Michael Jackson is considered one of the most accomplished artists.
He used to be a shining star.
In his one-man teaser film. he destroyed his own musical works.
Yes. sister. but when he used to do that on the radio. we were witnessing the artist's rise to fame.
He had a good number.
He was one of the most famous artists of all time.
These days. I mean. it's also a solo project.
The Natural Empire.
Mr. Sun
Yes. yes. yes.
Don't let these people be the source of your fear.
She came and stood right there
I designed it myself.
I was as good as Mrs. Moon.
She had thought about that. too.
Yes.
She was just sitting there with me.
Oh. oh. oh. oh.
Oh. oh. oh. oh. oh. oh.
Oh. oh.
We have to do that.
Here it is.
Are you kidding me?
That was true.
Michael. you've taken the world by storm with this performance.
Oh my God.
I was supposed to stay on my tiptoes a little longer.
Michael. I'm so proud of you.
Everyone is talking about it.
Oh!
Keep giving it your all tonight—can you see that?
Come on. you guys did a great job.
This is my son.
This is my son—a real money-making machine.
All right. see you later. Mike.
Yes.
Yeah. bye. Mike.
It's okay. Mom.
I could have given him just one night. right?
Now. let me get this straight. Don.
10. 11. or 12—how many words do you have?
These are the 13 current world champions I'm promoting.
We currently have 102 fighters on our team.
But I'll tell you this: Well. the big business will only be in the lightweight division.
I'm going to lead these young stars to the top.
Yes. yes. yes.
Life is beautiful. my friend.
Yes. that's right.
These Cubans are directly from Castro himself.
Yes. yes. yes. yes. yes.
So. what did you want to talk to me about?
Have you ever thought about getting into the music industry?
I am level-headed.
I'm a dad here.
Well. I'm about to take my kids on a trip around the world.
We'll start with North America—stadiums only.
Most importantly. it's time to show the world that the Jackson family is back.
Well done.
Bigger than ever.
You saw them in the "Thriller" music video.
People will start climbing the walls.
Yes. yes. yes.
Will Michael be there?
Of course. Michael will be there.
That's good news.
So. what's in it for me?
I was watching you as you backed away.
I'm watching you like a hawk.
I like the way you promote your fighters.
You're the king of marketing.
You know. I think we've met before.
We can build a good partnership.
You and me.
I got you a good deal.
I love the shows.
I need this for my children.
I need him.
As you know. I think they deserve the care that Rolls-Royce provides.
I mean. promotion and marketing.
Can you hear me?
I mean. it has to be huge.
I'll be the one who can do that.
It will be called the Victory Tour.
I might have something for you.
Pepsi.
They want to get back in the competition.
Michael could be the face of the brand.
Make some commercials.
All right.
I can see that.
Yes.
But you won't lie to me. will you. Joe?
Because if you can't get Michael...
No. that's my favorite part.
I'm leaving too. Michael.
You can't go right now.
No. I'm going to bed.
I'm tired.
You must stay until the end.
This is the best part.
Mommy's tired. sweetie.
I'd like to ask you to do me a favor.
Make sure to turn off the lights.
Good night. Mom.
Have a nice evening.
Why are you here?
Well. I came to visit my son.
The best-selling album of all time.
A poor child from Gary.
Who would have thought that?
I.
I thought.
Come here.
Hey. Joseph. I know you want something.
Michael. I'd like you to take your brothers on a tour.
Now. I'll let you do everything on your own.
I'm going to need you to do this for me.
For your family.
I'm not a child anymore. Joseph.
And you're not my boss.
Here we are.
I need to start living my own life.
On my own.
Just like anyone else.
You're not like anyone else.
Are you trying to tell me that you want to be treated like an adult?
All right.
You want to see what the world would be like without a family to protect you.
Without a family that understands you.
No one outside this place will understand you.
There. you'll have all the money in the world.
Surrounded by people who will agree to everything.
Is that what you want?
In a way. ever since that meeting.
I'll call Don King and tell him you're installing a door.
I know you don't want to let your family down.
Okay. that's what I need.
I'm thinking...
I'll zoom in on the camera while you're here.
I want to take a close-up photo of you up there.
So. just be aware of the camera as you're coming down.
Okay. okay. all right.
All right. everyone.
Here we are.
What's this?
What's this? Is this Part 6?
Lucky six. lucky six. let's go.
Energy for Everyone!
You love the Jackson family. you love the Jackson family!
You love Pepsi—let's go!
Grade A!
Mark B.
C.
and restart.
Oh my God!
Michael!
Will she be okay?
Come on. get up!
Get out of my way!
Michael. come here!
Get up. get up. get up!
Go back. go back!
Go back!
Okay. okay.
Come on.
Hi. I'd like to talk to you.
Mr.
I am his father. Joseph Jackson.
This is Catherine.
Hello. it was nice to meet you.
Thank you.
Well. your son's condition is stable.
All right.
We're trying to lower his heart rate. but he's in a lot of pain.
Well. when will he recover?
It is too early to say for sure.
It will be a long road.
He has third-degree burns and extensive nerve damage.
Oh.
Do you think he'll be able to perform again?
Never?
Joseph.
Mr. Jackson. your son nearly died.
And I know that.
If that fire had spread to his clothes or reached his face and eyes. he would be here.
I know. son.
And the only thing that will heal him is his return to that stage.
This is where he lives.
I understand. sir.
It will take some time.
Yes. I do.
But Mr. Jackson will need your support to get there.
I'm sorry.
It is unlikely that his hair will grow back.
You will need surgery to remove the scar tissue with a laser and to extend a portion of the scalp over the burn.
I'm going to have a hair transplant to protect my scalp.
Will I have to wear a wig?
I don't know.
It's up there.
What kind of wig?
Do you mean a full wig?
It's hard to say for sure.
There are synthetic hair grafts we can try. but we won't know the outcome until we see how the surgery goes next week.
And it will. um...
You'll need to keep taking Demerol for a while.
I don't want to take any medication.
I have to be honest. Mr. Jackson.
You'll need them.
We need to replace the implant periodically.
Nurses are at risk there.
You will feel severe pain.
I'll let you rest.
I'll be back later.
As you can see. the number of people who have actually died outside the hospital—if that isn't proof of Michael Jackson's star power. then I don't know what is.
All right.
All right. Joker.
We have all your favorites in stock.
The Golden Temple.
I bought some Mexican and Chinese food and some fried chicken.
You have those little red candies that you love.
Thank you. Bill.
Just leave it there.
I'm not hungry.
Oh.
All right.
I'll leave you alone.
Thank you. Bill.
Oh.
I'm sorry. Michael.
I should have protected you.
Mom. I don't want to talk about this right now.
No one can stop Joseph.
No one.
You know full well that no matter what happens. I'll be here for you.
Always.
I need to rest now. Mom.
It's not your fault.
How are you feeling?
I'm fine.
As you know. I'm still in a lot of pain.
But the doctors say I'm getting better.
That's good news.
All these children are here.
He will not be completely healed. and he will burn all their bodies.
This breaks my heart.
That's actually true.
You know. this really got me thinking.
I need to make more of an effort for them.
How much compensation will we receive for the accident?
The amount should be around seven digits.
I need every penny donated to the burn center here.
Please. you have to make it happen.
Yes. of course.
I feel very sleepy.
These are pain relievers.
Take a break.
I'll come by tomorrow to check on you.
All right.
Did you bring that?
Oh. the mouse.
Yes.
This is for you.
I love that.
Good.
Thank you. Frank.
See you tomorrow.
See you later.
If that kid doesn't go on tour. everything we have will fall apart.
I'm talking about deals. sponsorships. and our reputation.
Everything. everything has disappeared.
Everything is here.
The boys won't be able to go on art tours anymore.
Not without Michael.
Your son has just been discharged from the intensive care unit.
Michael never wanted to do the victory lap from the start.
I planned all of this behind his back.
When will you realize that he's going his own way?
And sometimes you need to get off the road.
Otherwise. you'll lose him.
What about the other kids?
They'll find their own way.
Do you know something. Bill?
What's this?
God has been very generous to me.
Yes. he did.
It's not just an accident.
I almost died.
But I was given a second chance.
Yes. yes.
God has blessed you with a gift. my son.
Platform.
To reach the whole world.
I can't ignore that.
I must let my light shine.
Spread love and joy.
For healing.
This is my fate.
I am a true believer.
Why don't we focus first on improving your health?
Then we can do all those things that need to be done.
I'll take the tour.
Are you sure?
To my family.
But I'll be ready by then. Bill.
I'm going to look him straight in the eyes.
This is my life.
My Path.
Malki.
Let's go there and set the stage on fire.
Yes.
Give the audience what it deserves.
The best offer ever.
I told you not to think about it.
I love you guys.
You're not like everyone else.
I think you're better than me. kid.
Yes. really.
Yeah. me too. Mike.
No one outside this place will understand you.
The Jacksons on three.
One. two. three.
The Jacksons!
After giving these kids a little break. I'm planning an international tour.
Michael?
Yes. we'll visit all the major squares and stadiums.
This is just the beginning of the victory tour.
We'll visit every continent.
First and foremost. we'll be going to Paris. London. and Tokyo.
South Africa—wherever you can think of. we'll be there.
This will be the biggest event anyone has ever seen.
S. S. S. S. S. S. S. S. S. S. S. S. S. S. S. S. S. S. S. S. S. S. S.
Shh. sh. shh. sh. sh. sh. sh. sh. sh. sh. sh. sh. sh. sh. sh. sh. sh. sh. sh. sh. sh. sh. sh. sh. sh. sh. sh.
Shh. shh. shh. shh. shh. shh. shh. shh. shh. shh. shh. shh. shh. shh. sh. sh. sh. sh. sh. sh. sh. sh. sh Cheating
It pushed me down and caused the upper part of my body to vaporize.
They tell me it's just a cold. but that doesn't mean it doesn't burn ♪ Why is that?
A road?
They say. “Why. why?”
♪ ♪ Is it inherently a bad problem?
Why. why?
♪ ♪ Is that just the way you are?
They say. “Why. why?”
♪ ♪ Is it inherently a bad problem?
Why. why?
♪ ♪ Is that just the way you are?
Are you bound by nature?
♪ ♪ Don't you see?
All eyes are on me. you slut ♪ ♪ Do you see that girl?
She's a witch ♪ ♪ She likes to play God. they say. "Why. why?"
♪ ♪ Is it inherently a bad problem?
Why. why?
♪ ♪ Is that just the way you are?
Are you bound by nature?
♪ ♪ Can't you see?
All eyes are on me. you slut ♪ ♪ Do you see that girl?
She's a witch ♪ ♪ who loves to play the role of God's plan.
They say. “Why. why?”
♪ ♪ Don't you see?
All eyes are on me. you slut ♪ ♪ Do you see that girl?
She's enchanting ♪ ♪ She is
He likes to play
God's plan.
They say. “Why. why?”
♪ ♪ Is that just the way you are?
Are you bound by nature?
♪ ♪
Do you see that girl?
She's a witch ♪ ♪ She likes to play God. they say. Why?
Why?
♪ ♪ Why. why?
Don't you see?
Every Eye
You're looking at me. you whore
♪
♪♪
♪♪ ♪♪
♪♪ ♪♪ ♪♪
♪♪
♪♪ ♪♪
♪♪ ♪♪ ♪♪
♪♪
♪♪ ♪♪
♪♪ ♪♪ ♪♪
♪♪
♪♪ ♪♪